

http://cruisecontrol.sourceforge.net/
http://getgauge.io
http://martinfowler.com
http://martinfowler.com/
http://martinfowler.com/
http://martinfowler.com/aboutMe.html
http://martinfowler.com/aboutMe.html
http://martinfowler.com/aboutMe.html
http://martinfowler.com/aboutMe.html#disclosures
http://martinfowler.com/agile.html
http://martinfowler.com/agile.html
http://martinfowler.com/agile.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/continuousIntegration.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/injection.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/injection.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/lovelace-babbage.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/lovelace-babbage.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/lovelace-babbage.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/refactoring-adaptive-model.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/refactoring-dependencies.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/refactoring-document-load.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/refactoring-external-service.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/refactoring-pipelines.html
http://martinfowler.com/articles/refactoring-video-store-js/
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/AliasingBug.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/AliasingBug.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/AliasingBug.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/BranchByAbstraction.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/DeploymentPipeline.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FeatureBranch.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FeatureToggle.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FrequencyReducesDifficulty.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FunctionLength.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FunctionLength.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/FunctionLength.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/HiddenPrecision.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/HiddenPrecision.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/ThreePillars.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/ValueObject.html
http://martinfowler.com/bliki/ValueObject.html
http://martinfowler.com/books
http://martinfowler.com/books
http://martinfowler.com/books/refactoring.html
http://martinfowler.com/delivery.html
http://martinfowler.com/delivery.html
http://martinfowler.com/design.html
http://martinfowler.com/design.html
http://martinfowler.com/design.html
http://martinfowler.com/dsl.html
http://martinfowler.com/dsl.html
http://martinfowler.com/dslCatalog
http://martinfowler.com/dslCatalog
http://martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog
http://martinfowler.com/eaaCatalog
http://martinfowler.com/eaaDev
http://martinfowler.com/eaaDev
http://martinfowler.com/faq.html
http://martinfowler.com/faq.html
http://martinfowler.com/feed.atom
http://martinfowler.com/feed.atom
http://martinfowler.com/feed.atom
http://martinfowler.com/feed.atom
http://martinfowler.com/intro.html
http://martinfowler.com/intro.html
http://martinfowler.com/intro.html
http://martinfowler.com/microservices
http://martinfowler.com/microservices
http://martinfowler.com/nosql.html
http://martinfowler.com/nosql.html
http://martinfowler.com/photos
http://martinfowler.com/photos
http://martinfowler.com/photos/103.html
http://martinfowler.com/photos/103.html
http://martinfowler.com/photos/104.html
http://martinfowler.com/photos/104.html
http://martinfowler.com/tags
http://martinfowler.com/tags
http://martinfowler.com/videos.html
http://martinfowler.com/videos.html
http://martinfowler.com/videos.html
http://martinfowler.comdelivery.html
http://martinfowler.comintro.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/1996.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/1997.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/1998.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/1999.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2000.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2001.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2002.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2003.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2004.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2005.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2006.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2007.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2008.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2009.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2010.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2011.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2012.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2013.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2014.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2015.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/2016.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/API design.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/academia.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/agile adoption.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/agile.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/analysis patterns.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/application architecture.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/application integration.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/bad things.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/big data.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/build scripting.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/certification.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/clean code.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/collaboration.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/computer history.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/conference panels.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/conferences.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/continuous integration.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/data analytics.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/database.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/delivery.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/design.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/dictionary.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/distributed computing magazine.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/diversions.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/diversity.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/documentation.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/domain driven design.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/domain specific language.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/domestic.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/encapsulation.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/enterprise architecture.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/estimation.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/evolutionary design.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/expositional architectures.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/extreme programming.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/gadgets.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/ieeeSoftware.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/index.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/infodecks.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/internet culture.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/interviews.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/language feature.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/languageWorkbench.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/lean.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/legacy rehab.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/legal.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/metrics.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/microservices.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/microsoft.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/mobile.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/model-view-controller.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/noSQL.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/object collaboration design.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/parser generators.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/photography.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/podcast.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/popular.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/presentations.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/privacy.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/process theory.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/productivity.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/programming platforms.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/project planning.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/projects.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/recruiting.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/refactoring boundary.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/refactoring.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/requirements analysis.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/retrospective.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/ruby.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/scrum.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/software craftsmanship.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/talk videos.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/team environment.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/team organization.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/technical debt.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/technical leadership.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/test categories.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/testing.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/thoughtworks.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/tools.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/travel.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/uml.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/version control.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/web development.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/web services.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/website.html
http://martinfowler.comtags/writing.html
http://plus.google.com/107610341080687821846
http://refactoring.com
http://refactoring.com
http://refactoring.com
http://refactoring.com
http://refactoring.com/catalog
http://refactoring.com/catalog
http://seleniumhq.org/
http://thoughtworks.com/blogs
http://thoughtworks.com/blogs
http://thoughtworks.com/careers
http://thoughtworks.com/careers
http://thoughtworks.com/careers
http://www.go.cd
http://www.linkedin.com/company/tutorialspoint
http://www.sendfiles.net
http://www.sendfiles.net/
http://www.sendfiles.net/
http://www.testingwithfrank.com/
http://www.thoughtworks.com
http://www.thoughtworks.com
http://www.thoughtworks.com
http://www.thoughtworks.com
http://www.thoughtworks.com
http://www.thoughtworks.com/clients
http://www.thoughtworks.com/open-source
http://www.thoughtworks.com/privacy-policy
http://www.thoughtworks.com/products
http://www.thoughtworks.com/products/mingle-agile-project-management
http://www.tutorialspoint.com
http://www.twitter.com/martinfowler
http://www.twitter.com/martinfowler
http://www.twitter.com/martinfowler
http://www.twitter.com/martinfowler
http://www.twitter.com/tutorialspoint
http://www.windowsphone.com/s?appid=91249671-7184-4ad6-8a5f-d11847946b09
https://github.com/dreamhead/moco
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tutorials-point/id914891263?ls=1&mt=8
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tutorialspoint.onlineviewer
https://plus.google.com/u/0/116678774017490391259/posts
https://plus.google.com/u/0/116678774017490391259/posts
https://snap-ci.com
https://www.facebook.com/martinFowlerThoughtWorks
https://www.facebook.com/martinFowlerThoughtWorks
https://www.facebook.com/martinFowlerThoughtWorks
https://www.facebook.com/tutorialspointindia
https://www.facebook.com/tutorialspointindia
https://www.linkedin.com/company/tutorialspoint
https://www.thoughtworks.com/products
https://www.thoughtworks.com/products
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/5g/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/Sailing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ab_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_careers.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_careers.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_helping.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_privacy.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_team.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/about_terms_of_use.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/contact_us.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/faq.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/about/tutorials_writing.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/accounting_basics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/adaptive_software_development/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/add_and_subtract_fractions/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/add_and_subtract_whole_numbers/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/adding_and_subtracting_decimals/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/advanced_excel/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/advanced_excel_charts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/advertisement_and_marketing_communications/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/agile/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/agile_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/agra_fort/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/aiml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ajax/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/amazon_marketplace/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/american_football/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ancient_indian_history/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/android/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/anger_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/angular2/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/angular_material/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/angularjs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ant/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/antenna_theory/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_flume/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_kafka/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_pig/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_poi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_poi_ppt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_poi_word/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_presto/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_spark/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_spark/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_storm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apache_tajo/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/apex/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/archery/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/arduino/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/articles/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/artificial_intelligence/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/asp.net/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/asp.net/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/asp.net_core/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/asp.net_mvc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/asp.net_wp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/assembly_programming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/assertiveness/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/athletics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/attention_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/aurelia/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/australian_football/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/automata_theory/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/aviation_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/avro/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/awk/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/awt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/backbonejs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/badminton/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bandy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bank_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/baseball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/basketball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/batch_script/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/beach_volleyball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/behavior_driven_development/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/biathlon/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/billiards/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/biometrics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bmx/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bobsleigh/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/body_language/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bootstrap/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/boxing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/brand_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/brazilian_jiu_jitsu/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bull_riding/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_acumen/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_dress_code/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_ethics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_etiquette/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_law/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_negotiation_skills/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_sales_training/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/business_writing_skills/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/c_standard_library/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cakephp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/career_development_planning/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/carrom/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cassandra/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cdma/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cherrypy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/clojure/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cloud_computing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cmmi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/coaching_and_mentoring/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cobol/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cobol/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/codeigniter/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/coffeescript/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cognos/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/collaborative_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/collaborative_writing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/competitive_climbing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/competitive_dance/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/compiler_design/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_fundamentals/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_graphics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_logical_organization/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_programming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_programming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_security/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/concordion/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/consumer_behavior/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/content_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/continuous_integration/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/conversion_rate_optimization/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cordova/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/couchdb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/couchdb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cpanel/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cplusplus/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cpp_standard_library/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cracking_interviews/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cricket/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/critical_thinking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/croquet/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cryptography/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/crystal_reports/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/csharp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/csharp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/css/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cucumber/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/curling/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/current_affairs_2016/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/customer_relationship_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cycling/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/d_programming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/darts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_communication_computer_network/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_mining/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/database_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/db2/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/db2/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dbms/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/design_pattern/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/design_thinking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/developers_best_practices/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/digital_communication/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/digital_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/digital_signal_processing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dip/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/discrete_mathematics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/discus_throw/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/distributed_dbms/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/diving/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/django/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dll/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/documentdb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/documentdb_sql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dom/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/downhill_skiing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/drag_racing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/drools/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/drupal/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/drupal/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dtd/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dwh/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/e_commerce/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/earn_value_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/easymock/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ebxml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/eclipse/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/effective_resume_writing.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ejb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/elasticsearch/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/elixir/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/email_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/embedded_systems/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/emberjs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/employee_supervision/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/entity_framework/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/entrepreneurship_development/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/equestrian/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/equivalent_plotting_ordering_fractions/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/erlang/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/estimation_techniques/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ethical_hacking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/etl_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/euphoria/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/evaluating_and_writing_expressions/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/evolution_of_etiquette/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/excel/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/excel_charts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/excel_data_analysis/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/expressjs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/extjs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/extreme_programming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/facebook_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/fencing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/firebase/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/flask/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/flex/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/food_and_beverage_services/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/food_production_operations/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/football/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/formula_one/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/fortran/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/foundation/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/framework7/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/free_online_whiteboard.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/freestyle_skiing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/front_office_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/fsharp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/fsharp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/functional_programming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/functions_of_sales_manager/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/general_knowledge/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/genetic_algorithms/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/geography/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/git/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gnu_debugger/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/go/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/golf/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/google_maps/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/google_maps/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/googlecharts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gprs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gradle/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/graph_theory/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/grav/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/groovy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/grunt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gsm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/guava/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gulp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gwt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gymkhana_grid/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/h2_database/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hadoop/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hammer_throw/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/handball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hbase/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hcatalog/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hibernate/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/high_jump/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/highcharts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/highcharts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hive/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hockey/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/horse_racing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hotel_housekeeping/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/how_to_interview/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hsqldb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/html/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/html5/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/http/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/http/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/human_computer_interface/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/human_resource_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/i-mode/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ibatis/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ice_hockey/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ice_mountaineering/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/impala/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/impromptu_speaking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/improving_personal_productivity/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ims_db/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ims_db/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/incentive_planning/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/indian_economy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/indian_polity/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/individual_and_group_behavior/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/indycar/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/information_security_cyber_law/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/instagram_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/international_business_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/international_finance/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/international_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/internet_of_things/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/internet_security/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/internet_technologies/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/interpersonal_skills/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ionic/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ios/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ipv4/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ipv6/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/itil/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jackson/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jasminejs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jasper_reports/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/io/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_interview_questions.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/lang/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/math/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/util/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java8/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java8/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java_dip/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java_xml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java_xml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javaexamples/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javafx/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javamail_api/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javascript/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javascript/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/javelin_throw/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jboss_fuse/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jbpm5/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jcl/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jcl/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jdb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jdbc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jenkins/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jfreechart/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jfreechart/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jmeter/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/job_search_skills/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jogl/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/joomla/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/joomla/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jquery/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jquery/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jquery_mobile/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jqueryui/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jqueryui/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jsf/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/json/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jsp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/judo/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/junit/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kabaddi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kanban/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/karate/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kdbplus/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kickboxing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/knockoutjs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/knowledge_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/koajs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/lacrosse/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/laravel/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/lawn_bowling/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/learn_c_by_examples/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/less/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/linq/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/lisp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/log4j/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/lte/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/lua/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/lucene/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/magento/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mahout/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/makefile/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/management_concepts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/management_information_system/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/management_principles/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/managerial_economics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/managing_the_manager/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/map_reduce/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mariadb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/marketing_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/materialdesignlite/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/materialize/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/maven/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/medieval_indian_history/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/memcached/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/meteor/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mfc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/microprocessor/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/microsoft_azure/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/microsoft_crm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/microsoft_expression_web/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/microstrategy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mid_level_managers/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mixed_martial_arts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mobile_computing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mobile_learning_essentials/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mobile_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mobile_security/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mobile_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mockito/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/modern_indian_history/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/modern_pentathlon/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mongodb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mootools/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/motivating_skills/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mountain_biking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ms_access/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ms_project/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ms_sql_server/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/multiply_and_divide_decimals/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/multiply_and_divide_fractions/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/multiply_and_divide_whole_numbers/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mvc_framework/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mvvm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mysql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/neo4j/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/netmeeting.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/netmeeting.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/network_security/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ngn/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/nhibernate/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/nodejs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/nodejs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/nordic_combined/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/numpy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/oauth2.0/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/obiee/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/object_oriented_analysis_design/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/objective_c/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/office_filing_procedure/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/online_dev_tools.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/online_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/operating_system/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ordering_rounding_and_order_of_operations/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/organizational_behavior/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/organizational_design/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/orientdb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/paragliding/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/parallel_algorithm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/parallel_computer_architecture/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/parrot/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pascal/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pay_per_click/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pdfbox/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/penetration_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pentaho/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/performance_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/perimeter_and_area/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/perl/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/perl/perl_cgi.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/personal_branding/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/phonegap/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/php/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/php7/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pinterest_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/place_value_ordering_and_rounding/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/plsql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pmp-exams/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pole_vault/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/polo/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pool/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/positive_body_language/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/postgresql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pouchdb/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/power_electronics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/powerpoint/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prime_numbers_factors_and_multiples/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/principles_of_communication/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/professional_ethics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prototype/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/purecss/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pygtk/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/pyqt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python3/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/qc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/qlikview/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/qtp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/quantitative_aptitude/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/qunit/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/r/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/r/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/r/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/racewalking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/racquetball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/radius/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/react_native/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/reactjs/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/recruitment_and_selection/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/redis/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/renewable_energy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/restful/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/retail_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rexx/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/roller_hockey/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/roller_skating/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rowing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rspec/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rspec/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rss/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby-on-rails-2.1/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby-on-rails/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby-on-rails/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/running/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rural_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sales_and_distribution_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sales_forecasting/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sales_planning/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_abap/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_basis/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_bods/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_bpc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_bw/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_bw_on_hana/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_c4c/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_cca/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_crm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_dashboards/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_design_studio/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_ewm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_fico/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_fiori/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_grc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_hana/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_hr/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_idt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_lumira/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_mm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_netweaver/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_payroll/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_pi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_pm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_pp/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_ps/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_qm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_scm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_scripts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_sd/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_security/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_solman/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_srm/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_successfactors/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_ui5/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_web_dynpro/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_webi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sas/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sass/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/scala/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/scootering/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/scrapy/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/script.aculo.us/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/scrum/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sdlc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/security_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sed/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/selenium/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/self_confidence/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/self_esteem/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sencha_touch/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/seo/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/seo/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sepak_takraw/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/servlets/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/session_initiation_protocol/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sharepoint/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/shot_put/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/signals_and_systems/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/silverlight/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/six_sigma/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ski_jumping/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sky_surfing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sl4a/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/snooker/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/snowboarding/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/soa/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/soap/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/social_intelligence/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/social_learning/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/social_media_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/socket.io/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/softball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/software_architecture_design/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/software_engineering/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/software_testing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/software_testing_dictionary/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spark_sql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/speed_skating/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/speedway/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spoken_english_errors/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sql_certificate/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sqlite/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sqoop/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/statistics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/statistics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/strategic_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/struts_2/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/supply_chain_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/svg/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/svn/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/swift/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/swimming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/swing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/synchronized_swimming/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/t_sql/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/table_tennis/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tableau/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/taj_mahal/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tcl-tk/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/team_building/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/telecom-billing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ten_pin_bowling/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tennis/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/teradata/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/testng/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tex_commands/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/the_art_of_happiness/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/thematic_apperception_test/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tika/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/touring_car_racing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tourism_management/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/trampolining/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/trial_biking/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/triathlon/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/turbogears/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/tutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/twitter_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/typescript/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/uddi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/uml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/umts/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unittest_framework/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix_sockets/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vb.net/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vb.net/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vba/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vba/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vbscript/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vbscript/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/verbal_ability/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/verbal_ability/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/data_structures_and_algorithms/DS-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/java_programming/PIJ-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/ms_excel_2010/EXL-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/ms_power_point_2010/PPT-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/ms_word_2010/WRD-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/programming_using_c/PUC-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/video_tutorials/programming_using_cplusplus/PCP-T
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vlsi_design/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/volleyball/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vsam/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/w3css/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wap/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/water_polo/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/water_skiing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wcf/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/web2py/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/web_analytics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/web_developers_guide/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/web_icons/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/webgl/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/webrtc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/webservices/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/websockets/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/weightlifting/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/whiteboard.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wi-fi/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wimax/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/windows10/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/windows10_development/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/windsurfing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wireless_communication/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wireless_security/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/word/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wordpress/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/work_life_balance/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/workplace_civility/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/workplace_diversity/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/workplace_politics/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/workplace_stress/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wpf/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wrestling/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/writing_and_solving_one_step_equations/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wsdl/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wushu/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/wxpython/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xaml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xerces/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xhtml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xml-rpc/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xml/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xpath/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xquery/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xsd/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xslt/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/xstream/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/yii/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/youtube_marketing/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/zookeeper/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comabout/contact_us.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcodingground.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcodingground.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcodingground.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcompetitive_exams_tutorials.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcomputer_glossary.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcomputer_glossary.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcomputer_whoiswho.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcomputer_whoiswho.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comcurrent_affairs_2016/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comdevelopers_best_practices/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comeffective_resume_writing.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comfree_web_graphics.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comindex.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comindex.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comindex.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comjavascript:void(0);
https://www.tutorialspoint.commulti_language_tutorials.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comonline_dev_tools.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comonline_file_conversion.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comquantitative_aptitude/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comquestions_and_answers.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comshared-tutorials.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.comshorttutorials
https://www.tutorialspoint.comtutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.comtutor_connect/index.php
https://www.tutorialspoint.comtutorialslibrary.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comverbal_ability/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comvideotutorials/index.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.comvideotutorials/index.htm
https://www.twitter.com/tutorialspoint
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVLbzhxVTiTLiVKeGV7WEBg
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVLbzhxVTiTLiVKeGV7WEBg